Hey
Pony
This Du Chen recently recruited a lot of new stars live streaming host
You don't think he wants to train live streaming hosts, do you?
Growing a live streaming host requires a lot of resources
Does he have the patience for that?
The talented and beautiful woman waiting for me to sign
Be sure to trample him under your feet
Make fun of him
Now Du Chen has relied on the semiconductor industry
Filled a lot of gaps for the company
We mustn't be careless this time
Just by his ability
It's impossible to make that much money
I think there must be someone behind him pointing
Even so
How do we know who is behind his back?
Forget you
Du Chen has a marriage contract with Lin Jia
exist
This Du Chen just developed a new trippling bottom line
Lin Jia's patriarch immediately ran over to discuss the marriage
There's something wrong with this.
The head of the house next door is Jiang Shenshen
If he had any advice
It is not uncommon for Du Chen to earn tens of billions
I guess the head of the house next door wants to support Du Chen teenager
Then it swallows and stays.
Now.
Some of Du's industries are in the hands of Du Chen
If Lin Jia is really the person behind the scenes
The consequences would be unimaginable
Love Field
Qin Shao, I have to toast you
Thanks to you this time.
With these photos
Just a little bit of work
It will definitely make Gu Chen defeated
When getting rid of Douchen
Don't forget your promise.
Qin Shao, you can rest assured.
As long as I master the stone gambling syndicate
Don't say a Zhou Ziyu
Even if you want my mother
I'll still send it to your bed.
Good little mom, good hahahaha